---
page_title: "alis_google_discovery_engine_data_store_schema Resource - alis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Google Discovery Engine DataStore Schema resource.
  This resource provisions and manages schemas for a Google Discovery Engine DataStore.
---

# alis_google_discovery_engine_data_store_schema (Resource)

A Google Discovery Engine DataStore Schema resource.
This resource provisions and manages schemas for a Google Discovery Engine DataStore.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    alis = {
      source  = "alis-exchange/alis"
      version = "0.0.6"
    }
  }
}

provider "alis" {
}

import {
  id = "projects/${var.ALIS_OS_PROJECT}/locations/global/collections/default_collection/dataStores/${var.ALIS_OS_DISCOVERY_ENGINE_DATASTORE}/schemas/default_schema"
  to = alis_google_discovery_engine_data_store_schema.schema
}

resource "alis_google_discovery_engine_data_store_schema" "schema" {
  project       = var.ALIS_OS_PROJECT
  location      = "global"
  collection_id = "default_collection"
  data_store_id = var.ALIS_OS_DISCOVERY_ENGINE_DATASTORE
  schema_id     = "default_schema"
  schema = jsonencode({
    "$schema" : "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
    "type" : "object",
    "date_detection" : true,
    "properties" : {
      "name" : {
        "type" : "string",
        "keyPropertyMapping" : "title",
        "retrievable" : true,
        "dynamicFacetable" : false,
        "completable" : false
      },
      "displayName" : {
        "type" : "string",
        "searchable" : true,
        "retrievable" : true,
        "indexable" : true,
        "dynamicFacetable" : true,
        "completable" : false
      }
    }
  })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `collection_id` (String) The collection ID.
- `data_store_id` (String) The unique id of the data store.
- `location` (String) The Datastore location
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud project ID.
- `schema` (String) JSON stringified schema definition using the [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/) format. See https://cloud.google.com/generative-ai-app-builder/docs/provide-schema
	- `keyPropertyMapping` A field that maps predefined keywords to critical fields in your documents,
	helping to clarify their semantic meaning. Values include title, description, uri, and category.
	Note that your field name doesn't need to match the keyPropertyValues value.
	For example, for a field that you named my_title, you can include a keyPropertyValues field with a value of title.
	For Vertex AI Search: fields marked with keyPropertyMapping are by default indexable and searchable, but not retrievable, completable, or dynamicFacetable.
	This means that you don't need to include the indexable or searchable fields with a keyPropertyValues field to get the expected default behavior.
	- `type` The type of the field. This is a string value that is `integer`, `datetime`, `geolocation` or one of the primative types (`boolean`, `object`, `array`, `number`, or `string`).
	- `retrievable` Indicates whether this field can be returned in a search response. This can be set for fields of type number, string, boolean, integer, datetime, and geolocation.
	A maximum of 50 fields can be set as retrievable. User-defined fields and keyPropertyValues fields are not retrievable by default. To make a field retrievable, include `"retrievable": true` with the field.
	- `indexable` Indicates whether this field can be filtered, faceted, boosted, or sorted. This can be set for fields of type number, string, boolean, integer, datetime, and geolocation.
	A maximum of 50 fields can be set as indexable. User-defined fields are not indexable by default, except for fields containing the keyPropertyMapping field.
	To make a field indexable, include `"indexable": true` with the field.
	- `dynamicFacetable` Indicates that the field can be used as a dynamic facet. This can be set for fields of type number, string, boolean, and integer. To make a field dynamically facetable, include `"dynamicFacetable": true` with the field.
	- `searchable` Indicates whether this field can be reverse indexed to match unstructured text queries. This can only be set for fields of type string. A maximum of 50 fields can be set as searchable.
	User-defined fields are not searchable by default, except for fields containing the keyPropertyMapping field. To make a field searchable, include `"searchable": true` with the field.
	- `completable` Indicates whether this field can be returned as an autocomplete suggestion. This can only be set for fields of type string. To make a field completable, include "completable": true with the field.
- `schema_id` (String) The unique id of the schema.