---
page_title: "alis_google_bigtable_table Resource - alis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Google Bigtable resource.
  This resource provisions and manages tables in a Bigtable instance.
---

# alis_google_bigtable_table (Resource)

A Google Bigtable resource.
This resource provisions and manages tables in a Bigtable instance.

> NOTE: This resource at the moment offers nothing beyond the standard Google provider. It is recommended to use the standard Google provider for now.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alis_google_bigtable_table" "test" {
  project  = var.GOOGLE_PROJECT
  instance = var.BIGTABLE_INSTANCE
  name     = "tf-test"
  column_families = [
    {
      name = "0"
    },
  ]
  deletion_protection = false
  #  change_stream_retention = "86400s"
}
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) A field to make the table protected against data loss i.e. when set to `PROTECTED`, deleting the table,
the column families in the table, and the instance containing the table would be prohibited.
If not provided, currently deletion protection will be set to `UNPROTECTED` as it is the API default value.
- `instance` (String) The name of the Bigtable instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the table. Must be 1-50 characters and must only contain hyphens, underscores, periods, letters and numbers.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud project ID in which the table belongs.

### Optional

- `change_stream_retention` (String) The duration for which the change stream is retained. The minimum duration is 1 hour and the maximum duration is 7 days. Set to `0s` to disable.
- `column_families` (Attributes List) A group of columns within a table which share a common configuration. This can be specified multiple times. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--column_families))

<a id="nestedatt--column_families"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column_families`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the column family.

