---
page_title: "alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding Resource - alis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members.
  Other roles within the IAM policy for the table are preserved.
---

# alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding (Resource)

Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members.
Other roles within the IAM policy for the table are preserved.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    alis = {
      source  = "alis-exchange/alis"
      version = "0.0.1-alpha8"
    }
  }
}

provider "alis" {

}

resource "alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding" "editor" {
  project  = var.ALIS_OS_PROJECT
  instance = var.ALIS_OS_BIGTABLE_INSTANCE
  table    = "tf-test"
  role     = "roles/bigtable.user"
  members = [
    "serviceAccount:${var.ALIS_OS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT}"
  ]
}

output "test_iam" {
  description = "The IAM policy for the table"
  value       = alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding.editor
}
```

> **Warning ⚠️**
>
> `alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_policy` cannot be used in conjunction with `alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding` and `alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_member` or they will fight over what your policy should be.
>
> In addition, be careful not to accidentally unset ownership of the table as google_bigtable_table_iam_policy replaces the entire policy.

> **Warning ⚠️**
>
> `alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding` resources can be used in conjunction with `alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_member` resources only if they do not grant privilege to the same role.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance` (String) The Bigtable instance ID.
- `members` (List of String) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`. Each entry can have one of the following values:
	- allUsers: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
	- allAuthenticatedUsers: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
	- user:{emailId}: An email address that represents a specific Google account.
	- serviceAccount:{emailId}: An email address that represents a service account.
	- group:{emailId}: An email address that represents a Google group.
	- domain:{domain}: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud project ID.
- `role` (String) The role that should be applied. Only one `alis_google_bigtable_table_iam_binding` can be used per role.
Note that custom roles must be of the format `[projects|organizations]/{parent-name}/roles/{role-name}`
- `table` (String) The Bigtable table ID.