---
page_title: "alis_google_spanner_database Resource - alis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# alis_google_spanner_database (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    alis = {
      source  = "alis-exchange/alis"
      version = ">= 0.0.1-alpha4"
    }
  }
}

provider "alis" {

}

resource "alis_google_spanner_database" "test" {
  project                  = var.ALIS_OS_PROJECT
  instance                 = var.ALIS_OS_SPANNER_INSTANCE
  name                     = "tf-test"
  dialect                  = "GOOGLE_STANDARD_SQL"
  enable_drop_protection   = false
  version_retention_period = "3600s"
}

output "test_table" {
  value = alis_google_spanner_database.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance` (String) The Spanner instance ID.
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for the database, which cannot be changed after
				the instance is created. Values are of the form [a-z][-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9].
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud project ID.

### Optional

- `dialect` (String) The dialect of the Cloud Spanner Database.
				If it is not provided, "GOOGLE_STANDARD_SQL" will be used. Possible values: ["GOOGLE_STANDARD_SQL", "POSTGRESQL"]
- `enable_drop_protection` (Boolean) Whether drop protection is enabled for this database. Defaults to false.
- `encryption_config` (Attributes) Encryption configuration for the database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_config))
- `encryption_info` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_info))
- `version_retention_period` (String) The retention period for the database. The retention period must be between 1 hour
				and 7 days, and can be specified in days, hours, minutes, or seconds. For example,
				the values 1d, 24h, 1440m, and 86400s are equivalent. Default value is 1h.
				If this property is used, you must avoid adding new DDL statements to 'ddl' that
				update the database's version_retention_period.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) The time at which the database was created.
- `default_leader` (String)
- `earliest_version_time` (String)
- `reconciling` (Boolean)
- `state` (String) An explanation of the status of the database.

<a id="nestedatt--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_config`

Required:

- `kms_key_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the KMS key to use to encrypt this database. This key must exist
						in the same location as the Spanner Database.


<a id="nestedatt--encryption_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_info`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_version` (String)
- `type` (String)